Following on from the environment variable screen cost,
you can also set default values
and this is pretty handy for,
again kind of development tasks where maybe you,
normally always wanted to be port 8000,
but occasionally you want to change it.
So when we ran this example at echo port
with no environment variable, no port it prints nothing.
And we have to put the port in front of it.
And but we can set a default,
so if we have a look at echo default here,
instead of just doing dollar port,
I've made it so that it uses
the shell scripting,
method that is if this value is undefined,
then use the value 3000.
So let's see what happens when we run this.
If I run it just by itself and we get 3000,
but I can override the port by doing 333
and now I get a different port.
And this is really handy for,
things like,
packages, and,
default kind of starting scripts so here
this is a package from the terminal training website,
where I say to run this,
node server use this serve command at use port,
and they're like pass in so I
can specify port 3001 for instance,
but if there's no port passed in then you use port 3000.
So I can do npm start and it would just run the server
or I can do port equals 3001 npm start
and it would use the port 3001.
So that's a good way of having a default value.
I wouldn't normally always use this,
but like I said it's really handy for just
that little thing where sometimes you want
to be able to tweak the value.